In life,
everyone is born to achieve something.
But most of the people,
die without ever knowing it.
I realized very early
why I was brought into this world.
But, have I truly fulfilled
that purpose, or not…
is the question that
haunts me to this day.
Today,
let's talk about our Indian legends.
Today we talk about
the pride of our nation, Bhagat Singh.
He was born for the people.
Lived for the people.
And died for the people.
Ma'am.
Your son fell from the building.
How brave are these people!
They challenge
the mightiest of the villains.
Why do they need to be brave
if they have superpowers?
They can fly in the sky,
they can walk on fire,
and they can swim in the depths
of the ocean.
They don't get injured even if they fall
and they're bulletproof.
Mom, why can't I be a superhero?
Why don't I have
superpowers like them?
Look, superheroes like these
are only found
in comic books and movies.
Nobody has superpowers in real life.
Do you mean to say that there
are no superheroes in the world?
There are a many!
But with no superpowers.
Superheroes without superpowers?
Who are they?
There are a lot of them in this world.
The people who live only for others
and not for themselves are superheroes.
It might be a soldier
who protects our nation.
It might be a doctor who saves lives.
They're all superheroes.
Not only that,
your dad, who wears
a police uniform is also a superhero.
Is Dad a superhero?
What will he do?
He only catches thieves.
He might not have the ability
to fly or wear bulletproof armor,
but he won't care for his life,
or whether it's day or night,
he faces the villains head-on.
He is the real police.
He is the real superhero.
If you have the same courage,
you too are a superhero.
I also have courage, Mom.
I'll be a police officer like my dad.
No matter how terrifying
or what kind of supervillain might come,
I'll be the superhero who confronts him.
A severe cyclone has intensified
in the Indian Ocean.
Coastal areas…
Have been issued a red alert.
Fishermen have been advised
by the Coastal Department
to avoid going into the sea
-for the next three days.
-The sea is awful.
Don't step into the sea.
-I can't get through.
-Pull it fast!
Tie it up!
-Did you get any signal?
-No one is getting a signal.
A huge wave is coming!
Hold tight!
Look at the wave!
A huge wave is coming.
Hey!
-Here!
-Hey!
Save us! Save us!
Oh, no!
Drag them.
Stop hitting us!
Who are you guys? Oh, no!
Please don't hurt us.
Let us go.
Help! Oh, God!
Who are you guys?
Guys, jump!
Let us go!
Please don't hit us!
Oh no!
Let us go, Boss!
Don't!
-No!
-Please don't hit us!
Please don't hit us!
Don't!
When many people sing
a good song together,
it often sounds horrible.
However, when just one person sings it,
it sounds melodious.
Oh, God!
Which God is coming to protect you?
If that God tries to touch me,
I'll cut off his hand too.
-I…
Vedanth Prabhakar,
-do swear…
-that I'll be faithful…
-and bear true allegiance to India.
-And to the Constitution of India.
-As by law…
-established.
-I swear…
-that I will uphold…
-the sovereignty…
-and integrity of India…
-and that I will carry out…
-the duties of my office…
-with loyalty…
-honesty…
-and with impartiality.
Happy birthday, Vedanth.
Thank you, Mom.
What's this, Mom?
Wow! It's a police uniform!
Thank you, Mom. I'll wear it right now.
Vedanth, wait.
This isn't like just any other clothing.
Before you wear it,
take a bath,
iron it,
and with a lot of devotion,
you have to wear
the uniform and the belt,
and with a pure heart
you have to pray
to God with good intentions.
It's always me who gets
to do all the work.
Go and check what's going on.
Sir is coming.
Brother.
Fat.
Did I get fat?
You haven't become fat.
Your clothes have just shrunk, that's all.
You never take any bribes,
how can you get fat?
I meant you never eat fries,
Govinda, you've become quite talkative!
One of these days, you might get
"fried" by me, so be careful.
And--
Hey, our officer will be here
any minute now!
Everyone, come soon!
Everybody is just loafing around!
-Come soon!
-Sir. Yes, sir.
Hey! Get up!
Our officer is coming! Start playing.
I heard our officer is a gold medalist.
Is that right?
Yes, he is. That's why he was assigned
to this golden police station.
This station is his first posting.
From now on,
our bribe collection will shoot up.
Start the music! Burst the crackers!
-Sir, welcome.
-Greetings, sir.
-Hello, sir.
-These people are very close
-to our department.
-Hi, sir.
Sir, these are
the newly appointed police officers.
-This is Inspector Vijayalakshmi.
-Hello, sir.
-Inspector Prasad.
-Sir.
-This is our Constable Govind.
And this is Omkar,
a very senior Head Constable.
He's been working
since your father's time.
Omkar, do you know who this is?
Prabhakar sir's son. A gold medalist!
Is he the son of our dear Prabhakar sir?!
Prabhakar sir is a very good person.
-He took great care of us.
-Thank you.
We served under your father,
and now under you.
It's a great pleasure.
-Hey, Narayan.
-Sir?
I heard there isn't much crime happening
in our jurisdiction. Is that right?
Sir, there is nothing
to worry about in our jurisdiction.
Look, all the cells are empty.
We're very relaxed here, sir.
I can see that.
You guys are very relaxed.
Come, let's go patrol our area.
Sir, why should you
take the trouble to patrol?
Everything comes to your table anyway.
Sir, schedule a proper meeting.
All of them are small fishes.
You don't need to go, sir.
-Officers! Relax.
-Sir?
Yes, sir.
-Hey, Narayan.
-Sir?
Isn't it unfair not to see the fish
and the sea when you're in Mangalore?
Come, let's go.
Right now, sir?
Do you need to look for an auspicious time
just to patrol the area, Narayan?
Come, let's go.
A uniform is not required, right?
-Hey, Narayan.
-Yes, sir.
Are you sure there are
no wrongdoings happening here?
Nothing at all, sir.
Everyone here is a fisherman.
Occasionally, fish may
ingest things they shouldn't
or unexpected items
can get tangled in the nets.
-What can anyone do, sir?
-Oh! It's like that.
What's up, man?
Heard you had a girl with you last night.
-How does it matter to you?
-Bro.
Who is this guy, man?
Looks so dashing!
If he is like this, how lovely
might his sister or cousin be?
Who are they, Narayan?
Sir, these savages act
as if they're born on aphrodisiacs.
Not even a female dog is safe
when they are around, sir.
Why?!
-Hey, Narayan.
-Sir?
You're just showing me small fishes.
Show me the big ones
and the sharks as well.
Sir, catching small fish is fine.
There's no trouble.
However, we really don't want big fish,
and we definitely need to avoid sharks.
Alright then, let's leave them.
At least tell me
who are these big fish anyway?
It's Poojary, sir.
He's involved in
many illegal activities in this area,
and many people work under him.
And the shark?
Kotian.
He's extremely powerful.
He's a white-collar criminal.
He controls the entire port.
Forget about touching him.
You can't even step foot in his territory.
Hello, babies!
Hey, darling, are you off to school?
Come, I'll drop you.
Alright?
-Why are you scared?
-Hey!
Come on, baby! I love you.
Baby, come on.
Why are you scared?
You girls outnumber these three thugs.
Why do you fear them?
Hey, who the hell are you?
Don't expect someone
to always come and protect you.
You need to protect yourselves.
What can they do?
Desperate fellows!
They have no one to question them!
Just look at their faces!
-How dare you?!
-Beat them.
-Stop it!
-Hey!
Will you torture them every day?
-Let go.
-Beat them!
Will you come here again?
Leave.
Get out of here.
Thanks!
Thank you, sister!
-Narayan.
-Sir.
There's no need
for cops in this town.
The women here
handle everything themselves.
Yes, sir.
There are a lot of challenges.
-Yes, sir…
-Hello, everyone!
-Hi, sir.
-Good evening.
-Good evening, sir.
-Hello, sir.
-Prabhakar.
Rahul.
-Sir.
-Rohan.
-Hi.
-Hello, sir.
-Sunil.
-Hello.
-Hello, sir.
-Vedanth.
-Sir.
Vedanth IPS, right?
Topper in the batch, gold medalist.
-Very proud of you.
-Thank you, sir.
Work in a way that makes
the entire department proud of you.
-Okay?
-Yes, sir.
Sir, please.
Okay. Cheers everybody!
-Cheers!
-Sir.
Sir. Sorry, sir.
I think you forgot.
You're still wearing
the department's belt.
-So?
-Sir, you shouldn't drink
while wearing the department's
belt, cap, and stars.
Hey, Veda!
Hey, it's okay. He's absolutely correct.
Just hold it.
Sorry, I came in a hurry
and didn't realize.
-Sorry.
-It's okay.
Absolutely fine.
Take them.
-Okay, now I can drink?
-Yes, sir.
Sure, sir.
Thanks for reminding me.
-Okay, enjoy!
-Thank you, sir.
Enjoy! Have fun!
Hey, Veda, what's wrong
with drinking while wearing the belt?
It's not just wrong. It's a crime!
-Have you seen the movie Sangliyana?
-Yes.
Our Veda is remaking it.
TRUTH ALWAYS TRIUMPHS
VEDANTH PRABHAKAR
-Sir.
-Hey, Narayan,
how many times do I have to tell you?
Where are the files I'm asking for?
What are these files?
Sir, the files you're asking
for are in the drawer.
-In the drawer?
-Yes, sir.
-What is this?
-Sir, this is from the market.
This is from the sand mafia.
This one is from the harbor.
Sir, this is export and import.
Sir, this is from prostitution.
This is from the pubs.
-Sir, everything is covered here.
-Oh, really?
-Right, sir.
-Is that all?
No other jurisdiction covers
as much as we do.
Alright, let's go for a round.
Sir, we just went the other day.
Why again?
This is different than the other day.
Let's go.
You would dare to touch me? Really?!
Sir, don't just go around
because the roads are good,
there's no guarantee that the people
you meet on the road are good.
Before knowing what the place is,
learn about the guy who owns it.
Hey, keep on going.
I'll see who dares to stop me.
Hey, ACP, you look like
a baby who grew up in an AC room.
Do you really want
to mess with a man like me?
Do you know who I am?
Do you know who my father is?
Come on! Bring it on!
Try to touch me if you dare.
Go home, turn on the AC,
and sleep with your wife or lover.
Or else it will be a different place
where we'll put you to sleep.
If you dare to touch me,
you'll end up somewhere without a trace.
Let's clean the city!
-Yes, sir!
SUPER COP VEDANTH PRABHAKAR
BUSTS MAFIA
Sir, you're locking up
-one gang after another each day.
-Come on.
We're so proud of you, sir.
Mr. Murthy, this is Mangalore.
Many gold medalists
like you have come and gone.
Let's see how long
the sounds of his guns last
amidst the crime waves in this city.
Who is that, Narayan?
Sir, he is Ranganna. A journalist.
He is both daring and honest.
He acts like he's born for justice.
He speaks his mind
without a shred of care.
His actions are according to the book.
Sorry, sir, I'm helpless.
Wow, look at our boss.
Like a great lion,
he tackles everyone in his path.
-Right?
-Hey, Govind, this rooster wakes up early,
and wakes everyone up with his call!
Do you know why?
It's to wake people up
to start doing their work.
But, the same people wake up
and make a kebab out of that rooster
and then go to work.
This rooster is also the same.
It will wake you up.
But we'll never know when
this one too becomes a kebab.
A lion? Really?
Shut up and eat.
What's the hurry?
There's no hurry.
Today is said to be an auspicious day
and whatever you do
will turn out very well.
Did I ever ask you
to arrange my marriage?
Can't you stay quiet?
Veda, everything should happen
at the right time.
-They're here.
-Don't make a long face,
-smile a bit.
-Oh, here they are.
-Welcome, sir.
-Hello, sir.
Please come.
-Hello.
-How are you?
-I'm doing good.
-Please come in.
Please come, sir.
I'm a doctor in the army.
-I'm okay.
-I'm home only for two months a year.
-Please have it.
-Thank you.
I have to be at the army base
for the rest of the year.
My daughter is very independent.
After her mother passed away,
she has been handling
everything on her own.
She's also a doctor.
She works at the Manipal Hospital.
Now she's preparing to be a surgeon.
Sir, can you please call your daughter?
Yeah, sure. Sneha!
I'll leave.
-Where are you going?
-Sneha.
-Sit.
-What are you doing?
-Hello.
-Hi.
If both of you want to talk,
just go ahead.
Yeah, why not?
So…
-I… actually…
-I know what you're about to say.
You don't like this at all.
But your Dad forced you into it.
The same goes for my dad.
I understand your tension.
You are a police officer,
and I am a doctor.
We both will always be busy with our work.
You're not sure whether things
will work out or not, right?
-I was about to say that--
-Let's do one thing.
Let's spend some time together,
understand each other,
and then make a decision.
If things work out, let's get married.
Otherwise, you live your life
and I'll live mine.
Why get confused? Let's keep it simple.
What do you say?
It's a deal then. Shall we go?
When I open my eyes to the dawn
I'll weave excuses to find you
Until your words reach my heart
I stood in silence
Why does your smile
Shy away from my gaze?
I honed my voice to echo your name
Why not weave a sign for me?
I'll dash to your heart
You blossomed in my heart,
Petal by petal
You've filled my heart
With a symphony of joy
How can I resist your warmth
In a world of grace and laughter?
You linger in my thoughts
A melody in countless forms
Couldn't you get a helmet
with a different color?
Bless me with the wish
To be able to irritate you daily
With you, my life is complete
Unlike the crescent moon
When you come close
It feels like my heart starts dancing
-Shall we have ice cream?
-Okay.
Yeah.
There's a Polar Express nearby.
-Mom!
-Roopa, what happened?
-Oh, no! Help her!
-Stop, stop, stop!
-Drink some water. Roopa!
-Mom!
-What happened?
-Her pain suddenly shot up.
We have to take her to the hospital now!
Okay.
Careful.
It's okay. It's okay.
Don't worry, you will be fine.
You're going to be perfectly fine.
Vedanth, she's unconscious.
Roopa!
We have arrived at the hospital.
Don't worry, Sneha.
Both the mother
and the child will be safe.
God is so cruel, isn't he?
He gives all the pain
and suffering to women.
At least, he could have given
the pain of childbirth to men.
God isn't so foolish.
He knows that men lack
the strength of women,
which is why the pain
of childbirth is given to women.
If men were given
the responsibility of childbirth,
there wouldn't be a single man
left in the world.
Oh! You're here!
Dad, I like him.
Ask him if he likes me.
I'm tired.
It's too hot, right?
That's why I said
we'll come in the evening.
Mom, let's sit for a while and leave.
Hey! Let me go.
-Hey! Mom!
-Let go.
Oh, no!
-Let me go.
-Navya.
-Mom.
-Someone please save her.
Oh, no! Navya!
Please save her.
Navya!
Tell the truth.
I'll tell you.
Bring my boss here
if you have the courage.
Jackie.
Do you know the area he's in?
He's in Poojari's area.
If you have the courage,
get him from Poojari's area.
Alright. I'll inform you.
Sir, Poojari's area is very dangerous.
Let's not go there.
Listen to me, sir.
Hey! This is the farthest
the police have come.
If you come an inch forward,
I guarantee you won't go back.
Charge!
Beat him!
Sir!
Come!
Hey!
Sir! Oh, no! Poojari boss!
You come into my area
and lock up my people?
If anyone disrupts
the law and order, I'll arrest them.
-What makes one break law and order?
-Boss…
Oh, no! Boss!
-Will this break the law and order?
-Boss, listen…
Don't be tense.
He's a new inspector.
I'll talk to him.
Will this action disrupt
the law and order?
Poojari?
Open the cell.
PRISON
-Hey, Sania. Stop.
-Dad, catch me!
-I caught you!
-This is cheating.
-Cheating.
-No! I did not cheat.
No! I did not cheat.
Hello.
-Boss, ACP Vedanth has
-Cheating…
-arrested Poojari.
-One minute.
-Really?
-Yes.
-Mummy!
-Do something, Boss.
-He's cheating.
-Sit.
-Sir, please save her.
-Crying won't change a thing.
-We have to follow the procedure.
-Sir, please come fast.
Sir, they'll harm her.
-I'm begging you.
-Listen to me.
Be quiet for a minute.
-Sir.
-Vedanth, come to my office.
Sure, sir. I've some work.
I'll complete it and come there.
-No, Vedanth. Come immediately.
-We have our rules.
Sir, I need to attend to a case.
You're not the only one working
in a station. There are others.
No more discussion, Vedanth.
-It's an order.
-Sir.
-Please hurry up, sir.
-Listen to me. Take a seat.
Please do something.
-At ease.
-Sir.
I'm very proud of you, Vedanth.
The city has transformed
significantly since your arrival.
You've enhanced
our department's reputation.
-Well done!
-Thank you, sir.
It's enough. Stop it.
-Sir?
-What you heard is right.
-Stop it right away.
-I don't get it.
I'm doing the right thing.
Until now, you've done
what felt right for you.
From now on, do what feels right for us.
I'm sorry, sir. What do you mean?
Our department is
part of a system, Vedanth.
We should work for each other in a system.
Only then, everything
happens systematically.
If everything happens
systematically, all of us will be happy.
Okay, sir. I should stop what I'm doing.
-That's it, sir?
-No, Vedanth.
You're mistaken about that.
You like being a hero, right?
You enjoy being featured in
newspapers and on television.
I'll make arrangements.
Arrest some people
and kill them in an encounter.
Become a hero. Who's stopping you?
From now on, do only what I say.
Superb, sir!
My father beamed with pride
when he spoke about you.
But if my father knows the real you…
Veda! Do you know who you're talking to?
-What's this, Prabhakar?
-Sir.
Didn't you tell your son
how he got this job?
He believes his gold medal
got him this job.
Sorry, sir. Give me a minute.
I'll talk to him.
Hey, Veda! What are you talking about?
You won't get a job in this area
even if you give two crore rupees.
He gave us this job
for just 50 lakh rupees.
What are you talking
about in front of him?
-Hey, Prabhakar.
-Sir.
He's still a kid. Hot-tempered.
We'll teach him.
-Okay, sir.
-Take your time and teach him.
-Okay?
-Okay, sir.
Hey! Tell them to release Poojari.
What happened to you?
Don't you think at all?
-What are you doing?
-Forget about me.
What are you doing?
-What?
-Are you taking a bribe as well?
As if I have done something illegal.
Everyone accepts bribes.
Aren't you ashamed to talk like this?
Why should I be ashamed?
Did I hurt someone?
What happens if I take 100 or 200 rupees?
You're not hurting anyone.
But the person giving you
money would've hurt someone.
This is how the system works.
We've to do this to survive
in the department.
If we object, we'll be swept away.
You speak so well, Dad.
I thought you were a hero.
I'm a hero. I'm a hero to my home.
When you were young,
I gave you birthday gifts, a bike,
and admitted you to a private school.
Do you think I can afford
such a luxurious life with my salary?
If we had to live like this
by taking a bribe,
I would've lived with what we had.
If we have to lose ourselves
to live a practical life,
what's the point of living?
You're great, son!
Alright. Let's move on.
Your mother lived six more years
despite having cancer.
What price will you pay for it?
You were crying beside
your mom in the hospital.
What price will you pay
for that child's tears?
Your mother lived six more years
thanks to my bribe money.
If I hadn't accepted bribes,
we wouldn't have been able
to afford those treatments.
I'm always a hero to my family.
A hero.
Don't worry too much.
If they fight back, we'll be helpless.
Learn to be a part of the system.
Veda… live with a mask.
If they fight back, we'll be helpless.
Be a part of the system.
-You should've filled petrol.
-I'll keep it here.
-Pour it later.
-Okay.
Boss, we had kidnapped a girl.
She escaped.
If you commit a crime,
you should leave no traces behind.
Go to the factory!
I will take care of anyone who comes
and tries to stop us.
Are you all human beings?
I screamed at the top of my lungs
that my daughter had been kidnapped.
-Please rescue her!
-Let's talk inside.
-You all will rot in hell!
-Don't scream here.
-Please come inside.
-Why should I?
-What is left to discuss with you?
-Take her.
-I came…
-Listen to me, ma'am.
Get out!
-What should I discuss?
-What's going on?
-You're not police officers.
-Hear us out.
-You rascals!
-Don't speak to the police like that.
-Please come inside, let's talk.
-Get lost.
-Get out! See what they've done here!
-Brother.
Look at the fate of my daughter!
You all destroyed her!
My daughter's life has been destroyed,
-all thanks to you cops!
-Let's talk inside,
-You dare to call yourself a cop?!
-Sir.
-Sir…
-You are unfit!
-You're unfit!
-Please leave, sir. I will handle this.
I will handle this.
Please be quiet!
Ma'am, please come inside
so we can talk.
Don't talk to us like that.
How dare you talk
to the police like that?
My daughter was not raped by those thugs!
You rascals did that to her!
Why don't you rascals kill her?!
Just kill her!
-Just kill her-- Navya?
-We'll set up an inquiry.
Hey!
Navya!
Narayan!
Oh, God!
Oh, no!
Navya!
Oh, God!
Navya! Oh, no! Oh, God!
Did she die?
Navya!
Is she alive or dead?
She's dead, sir.
Navya!
TRUTH ALWAYS TRIUMPHS
Oh, no!
Narayan!
Oh, God!
-Sir?
-Navya…
Just write a report that she committed
suicide after a break up.
Oh, no!
Whoever did this to my daughter
should be destroyed!
They should die a cruel death!
You should protect the people
if you're wearing the uniform,
but providing justice
doesn't require wearing it.
You should just
have the heart to do it.
God is so cruel!
This is injustice!
She was too young to die!
She was so beautiful.
We could've enjoyed her
for a few more days.
You've been crying for so long.
Just calm down.
God has no mercy!
Hey, I can understand your pain.
We should simply accept fate as it is.
Bro, I can't bear to watch his pain.
-Please do something.
-What do you expect me to do?
Bro, even if we can't watch
the movie in the cinema,
we'll still be able to see it
on TV or on our phones, right?
At least, arrange a cell phone for us.
Where can I get a cell phone at this hour?
-Hey, kid.
-Yes, big brother?
Do you have a sister?
No, big brother.
A mom?
No, boss. I'm an orphan.
Why don't you come instead?
Big brother?
He asked for a mobile phone,
not a charger.
Hey! Get lost!
Hey! Who is that?
Hey! Go and check.
Hey! Who the heck are you?!
Hey! Come on, guys!
Hey!
Leave me, please!
Please let me go.
Oh, God!
What's all this?
Everyone…
Hey! Who are you?!
Hey! Who are you?! Don't be afraid.
I'm a cop.
Hey! Who are you?!
Did you witness what happened here?
Who killed these men?
How many were there?
Yes? How many?
-One…
-Only one?
Who was he? How did he look?
How did he look?
Don't be afraid. Tell me.
Tell me.
Bagheera!
Who is this killer Bagheera?
A massacre in the fish oil factory.
It's inhumane the way
he has killed these men.
We're unable to get a death count
of the people who are killed.
We don't know who or what he is.
The people who are dead were criminals.
You idiots! He is nothing
but an avatar of Kalki.
In Kali Yuga, the pots of people's sins
are filled to the brim.
That is why Kalki has taken an avatar.
There will be carnage from now on.
Given the inhumane way
these men were killed,
the killer must be nothing
but a bloodsucking demon.
-Sir!
-Sir.
Clean it further.
Check whether it's an arm or a leg.
Sir.
-Is anyone alive, Narayan?
-I'm not able to make out, sir.
The way these men were killed,
the killer must have been in a rage.
What's the body count?
I'm not able to make that out either.
We might get an estimate
after we rejoin the body parts.
Okay. Finish the on-site investigation.
They were obliterated! Those dogs!
They died like dogs!
No other daughter should meet
the same fate as mine!
They got obliterated!
Are you saying these men were
responsible for your daughter's death?
The killings are so inhumane.
Who might be the perpetrator?
No one gave me justice
when my daughter was killed.
But God delivered it.
God delivered justice!
Blood star
Storm ahead and attack!
O' vicious fighter!
Praise be to Bagheera!
Destroy!
Make amends in the arena!
Danger is your middle name!
Destroy the evil
-You bloodsucking demon!
-Bagheera!
Truth, honor, justice
Truth always triumphs
My daughter has been abducted, sir!
Please save her!
Blood star
Storm ahead and attack!
O' vicious fighter!
Praise be to Bagheera!
Don't come closer. I will kill her.
Boss, our police station's vaastu
seems to be lucky.
What makes you believe
in that all of a sudden?
We need not do any work.
Any complaint we get
is resolved within a few days.
Why bring her to the police station
if you weren't the ones who rescued her?
Bagheera is doing all the work for us.
Who saved you?
He had a mask on his face.
I couldn't make out.
But I saw his eyes.
Like Jatadhara, controlling the rage
Who holds Ganga's fury in a cage
A world of patience, deep and wide
But beware when it turns the tide!
He's terror unleashed
-Shiva's fury alive
-It's a waste to talk to him.
-He's Ravana with Rama's qualities
-Get up. Come on.
Roaring, revolting, raging, ruling
He's off to be Satan
In the world of demons and devils
Amazing! Blazing!
Seizing! Arising!
Remember ember entering the hearth
To show the dad the deed that he did
Destroy!
Storm ahead and attack!
Destroy the evil
You bloodsucking demon!
Truth, honor, justice!
Truth always triumphs
Sir.
-What is it, Narayan?
-It's my son's birthday today.
I have arranged a small party.
You should come.
-Okay, I will be there.
-Yes, sir.
Narayan.
-Narayan.
-Sir!
Narayan, you said there was
a party, but no one is here.
The party is only for you.
Hey, Chinnu. Look who's here.
This is my son, Poorna.
Sir is here. Salute him.
-Salute him.
-Hi, Poorna. Happy birthday.
Go on.
Bye.
-Narayan.
-Sir.
You've only invited me.
Haven't you invited anyone else?
Sir… you are different.
-Cheers!
Sir, my wife died during childbirth.
I don't know if it's karma
coming back to me,
but my son is challenged.
Narayan, don't worry.
Why have these negative thoughts
on your son's birthday?
Just relax.
Narayan, drink slowly.
You can't handle it otherwise.
Sir,
my life is filled
with more accumulated wealth,
pain, and bad deeds than I can handle.
Having more alcohol than
I can handle is the least of my worries.
Narayan, that's enough.
Have dinner and go to bed.
Sir, I'll sleep.
I'll sleep like a baby today.
Do you know why?
Because you are here.
Everyone will sleep peacefully
knowing you're here.
Sir, I felt people like me would
get challenged kids like I did.
No, sir.
Good kids will be born.
Yes, sir. Good kids…
-Help…
-What happened?
Look at my daughter, sir.
Take her to the hospital.
Take her immediately!
Blood star
Storm ahead and attack!
O' vicious fighter!
Sir, these events are quite commonplace.
Please don't get worried about them.
You do as you wish, sir.
Bagheera!
Like Jatadhara, controlling the rage
Who holds Ganga's fury in a cage
A world of patience, deep and wide
But beware when it turns the tide!
He's terror unleashed
Shiva's fury alive
He's Ravana with Rama's qualities
Roaring, revolting, raging, ruling
He's off to be Satan
In the world of demons and devils
Amazing! Blazing!
Seizing! Arising!
Remember ember entering the hearth
To show the dad the deed that he did
He's here to destroy
Crush with all his might!
Destroy the evil
You bloodsucking demon!
Truth, honor, justice!
Truth always triumphs
BAGHEERA'S VERDICT
Blood star
Storm ahead and attack
O' vicious fighter!
Praise be to Bagheera!
Blood star
Storm ahead and attack!
JUSTICE FOR SALE!
SALESMAN OF THE YEAR ACP VEDANTH
Did your dad leave?
-Yes, Uncle. He left yesterday.
-Oh, he's here.
Hi.
I've been calling
and texting you for a while now.
I guess you were busy.
I totally understand.
That's why I came to meet you.
I didn't respond to your calls and texts,
not because I was busy,
but because I simply didn't want to talk.
Hey, Veda! What are you saying?
This doesn't concern you, Dad.
It's better if you keep quiet.
You don't want to talk to me?
Why? What happened?
-Everything was going so well.
-Look!
You said it yourself,
"Let's spend some time together.
Let's understand each other.
Let's get married only if we like
each other."
I don't like you anymore.
I don't want to marry you.
Then why did you get engaged to me?
It's not like we got married.
Many people get a divorce after marriage
because the relationship didn't work out.
But I'm informing you well in advance.
You live your life…
and I'll live mine.
-Hey! What's wrong with you?
-Uncle.
If he's being so blunt,
it means he didn't like me.
I was foolish to pursue him.
You're not the Vedanth I liked.
You've changed a lot!
Fine.
You live your life.
And I'll live mine.
Hey! What's going on, Ranganna?
Until now, I've given you the liberty
to write any article you want.
But now you're attempting
to write about Poojari.
He won't spare you!
Listen to me!
If I were easily frightened, I would have
chosen a different profession.
I wouldn't have become a journalist.
Hey! Are you crazy?
Listen to me!
Don't say anything, sir.
If you don't publish the article tomorrow,
I'll post it on social media.
The rest is up to you.
Brother? It's our journalist Ranganna…
He's discovered many of your secrets.
He's threatening to post on social media
if I don't publish his article.
He won't listen to me, brother.
Why do you want to meddle
in other people's business?
Don't forget that you have
a wife and a kid!
-Can't you be quiet?
-What did I do, honey?
I just wrote about what he did!
You know what kind
of people they are, right?
Look! If I get scared by them,
it'll also affect
our son's future. Get it?
Dad!
-Son!
-You dare write about us?
-Dad!
-Let me go!
-Step aside! Move!
-Move it!
-Hey! Who is that? Step aside!
How did this happen?
Did someone witness it?
-Nobody did?
-Dad!
The body appears to have been
mauled to death by dogs.
These stray dogs, man!
Prakash?
I spoke to the municipality so many times…
about the stray dog issue in our area,
and asked them to catch those dogs.
They never listened to my advice.
Look at the disaster that's unfolded.
Sir.
Our journalist Ranganna has been murdered.
It's Poojari, sir.
But nobody can do anything.
Brother, I'll take your leave.
Hey, wait a minute.
Wait till the rituals are done.
I said come!
-Hello.
-Sir, Bagheera killed your son Siddhi.
Hey! Who did this?
Who killed him?
Hey! Did you see it?
Did you see it?
I saw it, sir!
It was those dogs, sir!
-What?
-Yes, sir!
The boy is speaking the truth.
I saw it.
-What are you barking?
-They were barking indeed, sir.
I came out and saw…
those same stray dogs.
-They mauled him to death!
-Yes, sir.
The municipality disregarded
our boss's repeated pleas.
-Now look at what happened.
-Sir!
One person yesterday. Two today.
-It might be you tomorrow-- I mean…
-Hey!
Please take care of those dogs, sir!
If not, many more such lives will be lost.
-Why did you come all the way brother?
-You're taking it all too lightly!
-That's why I came.
-Nothing like that, brother.
Why will I take it lightly?
You know, right?
You have three days left.
Please trust me, brother.
I'll definitely do it!
It's better for you if you do.
If not, this time…
you know who will come to you, right?
If he comes,
you know what will happen then!
Why do you make me
recite this prayer every day, Mom?
If you recite this prayer,
no matter what your troubles are,
God will come and save you,
in some form or another!
-Understood?
-Okay, Mom.
-Bye!
Mom!
Sir, she's my daughter.
She hasn't returned from school.
Please find her.
Sir.
-Sir!
-What is all this?
-It's all the missing cases, sir.
-So many?
Yes, sir. Many people have
gone missing in the past two days.
Wait.
-Check with the other stations.
-Okay, sir.
Give me your child's photo.
There are a total of 87 complaints
across all the stations.
-What?
-Yes, sir.
The number of missing
complaints in the last three days
exceed those that happened
in the last three months.
-Get details of all the missing persons.
-Okay, sir.
-Track all the numbers.
-Yes, sir.
-Did you find anything?
-Sir…
Here.
Sir, all the numbers are switched off.
But this number was
switched off ten minutes ago.
This location is in a port area.
It's Kotian's area.
The police can't go there.
-Get down quickly.
-Move!
Vedanth?
Vedanth.
Were you searching for this?
You need to rest.
No. I have to go.
Won't you ask me anything?
If there was anything worth saying,
you would've said it.
Come, Bagheera.
There's no one to guard.
Are you thinking about me
sitting here all alone?
What have you done?
You entered a forbidden place.
You witnessed things you shouldn't have.
You did things that shouldn't
have been done.
What's going on here?
What are you doing?
Why are you kidnapping so many people?
What you've witnessed is just a glimpse.
There's…
an ocean behind.
The king of that ocean is Rana.
We are petrified at the sight of monsters.
Those monsters are terrified of him.
Who is he?
What will you do with the information?
You can't do anything.
What does he do?
Organ trading.
He has a network throughout India.
He is a master orchestrator of crimes.
No one can touch him.
My wife, and my child.
I killed them.
Instead of pleading
for my life at his mercy…
Boss, I made a mistake.
Please forgive me one last time.
If I let you go after making a mistake,
won't I look weak?
Boss, he's been shot.
He would've died.
Please, Boss…
-If I'm weak…
-Boss, please.
how can I rule such a large kingdom?
Look at how peacefully they're sleeping.
No one should enter my kingdom.
If they do, they shouldn't live.
If he survives…
-Boss!
-None of you should live.
I can see it.
I die today.
And… you die tomorrow.
Hey!
He was more of a son to you than me.
You light the pyre.
The day you kill Bagheera…
that day,
I'll light his pyre.
Oh, no…
Bagheera.
He brought the entire department
to its knees.
Is Bagheera on his own
or part of a gang, sir?
Given how many people he's killed,
he must be part of a gang.
I sense he's on his own.
How can you be sure, sir?
If it was a gang,
they could have attacked
four or five places at a time.
He attacked only one place.
There's a greater chance that he's alone.
If he's killing rowdies, dons,
and criminals,
he wants to be
the king of the underworld.
People from the underworld
often exhibit arrogance.
People should know our work.
They want to create fear
in people's minds.
Can you see that here?
Given the brutality of his killings,
he's likely a serial killer.
Serial killing is a mental ailment.
There's a pattern to it.
I don't see that pattern here.
What if a victim's family member
sought revenge on these criminals?
Revenge. You have a point there.
If it were revenge, he should've only
killed those who wronged him.
Why did he kill so many people?
He doesn't want others to suffer
the same injustice he experienced.
Make a list of people who were assaulted
and killed by Bagheera.
I want the details of all these people.
Keep all the political, criminal,
and other cases on standby.
Your focus should be
one and only Bagheera.
Because I want him dead
or alive at any cost.
-Did you get it?
-Yes, sir.
Sir, just a minute.
Bagheera is killing criminals, sir.
He's doing our job.
-Why should we catch him?
-What's your name?
Narayan. South station.
The department sent me to assist you.
Even if a godlike person goes to
the temple, he can't perform the rituals.
The priest has to do it.
People should handle their own tasks.
What were you doing as a cop
while all this was happening?
When we came to know about it
and reached there,
he would've killed everyone and left.
Looking at your size and speed,
he would've had a nice meal,
slept for half an hour, and left!
-Sir.
-Nonsense.
Rana!
His network spans across India.
Rather than getting caught by him and
begging for the mercy of death…
Sir.
-Sir.
-Tell me.
I need to report for duty with the CBI.
CBI?
Why?
To catch Bagheera.
There's a hacker, sir.
He's a cunning fellow.
He's an expert hacker.
Bank accounts, company data,
not just that,
he hacked the police department website.
Sir… we got this from him.
Don't catch him, sir.
Why should I work for you?
I haven't worked for anyone before.
What will I gain from this?
If I spend just ten minutes on a system,
I'd earn more than this.
I know you're Bagheera.
What if I reveal it to the world?
Having killed so many people,
killing one more person isn't a big thing.
What should I do?
Prepare me.
Narayan, stay back
and inquire about Bagheera.
Okay, sir.
If we had Narayan with us,
he would've shown us around.
He's from the police department.
He'll have some knowledge about Bagheera.
Police only show us
what they want us to see.
They don't observe the things we do.
We talked to the residents
throughout the entire locale.
No one is ready to share information.
All those killed were notorious criminals.
When we inquire about the killer,
people see us as criminals.
We didn't get any useful information.
Let's go.
-Keep walking!
-Sir.
Why are you pushing him?
He gives an electric shock
to everyone at school, sir.
What? Current shock?!
Yes, sir.
We get a shock with a mere touch.
He looks so cute. Will he do such a thing?
Is it true?
Why are you giving a shock to everyone?
Sir, it doesn't affect me.
I told them I could pass the current
through my body.
No one believed me, sir.
That's why I demonstrated it to them.
How did you do it?
Sir,
I connected 9.5 volt Lithium battery
to a booster generator.
I connected a wire to the insulator
point on my hand.
-DC power is generated--
-Stop it.
Can we scale this up?
We can do it, sir.
Nine or ten volts are not sufficient.
We need high voltage.
We only need
premium-quality latex material.
I need a lab to set all this up.
What's this, sir? You're seeking
help from school kids.
We'll find experts on the dark web.
What? Why are you staring at me like that?
This is not your regular science
experiment at school.
You!
-We need justice!
-As you can see viewers,
people are protesting against the police.
Take my complaint, sir.
Go over there.
-Govinda.
-Brother.
What's going on?
I was working in a fireworks factory, sir.
They fired me.
-Why?
-I drink alcohol and report to duty.
If you drink and go to the office,
will they make you the chairman
instead of firing you?
Bloody drunkard!
Don't insult me for being an alcoholic.
I'm a creator.
Scientist. Fireworks Scientist.
-You're a fireworks scientist?!
-Scientist!
-Are you a scientist?!
-Sir!
You don't know what I'm capable of.
If you want an atom bomb…
I can make it.
What sized bomb do you need
to destroy this station?
-Give me a liver fry.
-Okay, sir.
-What do you want?
-I won't eat liver.
Hey!
Your liver will be damaged
with alcohol, right?
If you eat liver while drinking,
your liver will be safe.
-Will you eat chicken?
-Vegetarian, sir.
-Get one gobi manchurian.
-Okay, sir.
-What's going on?
-Brother.
-Are you good?
-Yes.
-Pack the liver fry.
-Sir.
Who the hell are you? Let me go.
Who are you?
You rascal!
Both of you threw acid on the girl.
Bagheera attacked him but spared you.
I don't know anything, sir.
He threw acid on her. I was with him.
Let me go. I'm innocent.
Please leave me. I haven't done anything.
-Please let me go--
-Take the parcel.
Sir!
If this explodes when
I'm making it, will I be here?
Come.
Don't linger nearby
once it's all over.
It could explode at any time.
You!
No, sir.
Why use kalari when we have
high-end weapons at our disposal?
Daydream and I'm thinking about you
What you say, queen?
I'm not linking without you
I'll pick you up at eight
It's not a date, it's a way!
-What are you doing in this department?
In your city,
one person is creating havoc
and has killed many people.
You're relaxing in the station.
Do you know how much
they're investing in you?
Academies, training centers,
such a big force. Why?
Have you heard of Scotland Yard?
Is it in Scotland?
It's in your backyard.
England's police department
is known as Scotland Yard.
Have you heard about the Canadian police?
French police, Italian police?
They'll solve the crime
within a few hours.
Learn. Understand.
-Sir--
-What?
You'll have a thousand excuses ready.
Sir, we tried our best.
He escaped. Give us another chance.
Some ethical responsibility.
Some accountability.
-Some moral responsibility.
-Sir.
-Can I leave?
-What?
Can I leave?
I don't have time to
listen to morals and ethics.
I'll meet you when I'm free.
-Let's talk then.
-What's keeping you busy?
I've booked a new car.
Today is the delivery date.
New car?
Mr. Vedanth.
I've heard a lot about you.
You're very famous.
For the wrong reasons.
Are you here to catch Bagheera
or to inquire about me?
That time will come too.
Then, everyone will know about you.
If you want to know who I am,
change how you see me.
You handle your work,
and I'll handle mine.
Thank you, sir.
They got me here to capture Bagheera.
They should've hired me
to apprehend such a corrupt officer.
The system is at fault.
All of you can leave. Please.
Sneha, what are you doing here?
Don't talk too much.
Freshen up. I'll tell you everything.
Dad!
He went to watch a late-night movie.
There's no one at home.
Only you and me.
Hey! Have you gone mad?
Knowing everything, why are you
acting like this?
I'm crazy. So what?
The atmosphere is so romantic.
Don't ruin it.
First, get out of here.
Will you listen to me or not?
Won't you understand
if I tell you in a nicer way?
Please leave.
Sneha, what are you doing?
Let me go, Sneha.
Listen to me, Sneha.
Why are you doing this?
Sneha, please.
I'm telling you this for your own good.
Please, Sneha.
Go up.
Go up now!
Hey, move!
Hello, brother.
The Azerbaijan party wants
a consignment of 2000 people.
They need it delivered immediately.
We'll finalize everything
if you're here.
Will you come? Brother?
Yes, I'll come.
If we successfully deliver on this deal,
that client will be ours forever.
We just have to deliver the consignment
to the Rameswaram port.
They'll handle the rest themselves.
Did you find anything in Kotian's phone?
Nothing significant.
There are personal details.
Mobile bills, bank accounts,
and properties.
Mangaluru, Kundapura, Uppala.
In Uppala? Check the exact spot in Uppala.
This is a slum.
Why will he take a place in this slum?
Right!
Akash, check if you can
find something useful.
I'm checking, sir.
There are only electric bills.
Sir, take a look. What's this?
Forty thousand, thirty-seven thousand.
There's a bill of 60,000 too.
It suggests some other
activities happening there.
Hey! Move it!
Don't hit me, sir.
What should I do, sir?
There was no other way
to save my father.
Please, sir. Let me go.
To protect a 75-year-old man,
is it right to kill a 15-year-old girl?
Please forgive me. Let me go.
Hello. CB7 News. Who's talking?
Who's talking?
Hello.
We're coming live from Uppala.
The border of Karnataka and Kerala.
It's a mayhem created by Bagheera.
Is he a maniac or a messiah?
Is he a savior or a destroyer?
It's left for people to decide.
The very disturbing visuals
coming your way…
exclusively on CB7 news.
Sir.
-Gopal.
-Sir?
Why are people saying
the country hasn't progressed?
A super specialty hospital in a slum.
It's developed a lot.
People are not aware of it.
Hello.
Boss, Bagheera has destroyed
our place in Uppala.
Who saved you?
What did he look like?
This is the Kerala border.
-They won't speak Kannada in Bengaluru.
-True, sir.
Who's that?
Did anyone see him?
-Which language should I speak?
-Sir…
I don't understand
what you're saying, sir.
Oh! You guys speak Hindi?
-Where are you from?
-Haryana, sir.
-Did you come here for work?
-No, sir.
They kidnapped me in Haryana.
-Kidnapped in Haryana?
-Yes, sir.
-Where are you from?
-Kolkata, sir.
Odisha.
Nagaland.
-You guys are not from here?
-No, sir.
Who kidnapped all of you?
We don't know, sir.
How did they get you here?
We don't know.
Who saved you?
Did one guy save you, or were there many?
You don't know that as well?
-Is anybody alive?
-No, sir.
You guys are not blind!
At least, describe what he looked like.
He looked dangerous, sir.
We were able to trace multiple locations
using this hard drive.
Large sums were sent
to all these locations.
All transactions were carried out by
small financial societies.
It's difficult for the government
to track this.
Most transactions
are under one guy's name.
Who's he?
Yogi.
Show me his details.
There are no details.
Facebook and Instagram are not active.
We found a phone number.
-Call him.
-Sure.
The number you're calling
is either switched off
-or not reachable at the moment.
-The phone is switched off.
List all the locations
with high power consumption.
We have identified several locations.
Visiting these locations is highly risky.
Think again.
The battleground trembles
At his war cry
Quicker than an arrow
He's a comet!
The burning sky rumbles at his speed
He's an exploding comet!
The battleground trembles
At his war cry
Quicker than an arrow
He's a comet!
The burning sky rumbles at his speed
He's an exploding comet!
He's here to crush all the villains
Make them bleed
He's a worthy opponent
Takes everyone by storm
Once he aims…
Lock, load, fire!
Better run, run, run!
He's got a gun, gun, gun!
Bagheera is rising in popularity, sir.
It's just social media hype
and a few people talking.
Upgrade defence for my randall
Triumphing handle in the saddle
Thrash you, grinding my Prada
Yo, I'm the mad raging monster
Always first to the finish line!
Appears to play when it's dawn
Has the pick of the jungle
And only one predator
Roars for justice!
Moves with the speed of a panther
Always catches his prey
He's a born hunter!
Remember where you are
When you pursue him
He'll bury you on the spot
He's a brave warrior!
He's not a wave or a whirlpool
He's a roaring tsunami!
He's not easily forgiving
Won't budge an inch
He's a scorching desert!
Face him if you dare!
Lock, load, fire!
Better run, run, run!
He's got a gun, gun, gun!
Give me a tea.
Wow, dude, look at how
Bagheera has blasted these guys!
I wonder who supplies bombs to him!
-Boss.
-Bagheera.
Oh no!
-Sir.
-What are you doing?
My son is already dead,
are you waiting for my death as well?
Sir, I'm getting there.
I need a bit more time.
It's not just my son who is dead,
he was more like a son to you as well.
Don't forget that.
I know that, sir. I know that.
Believe me, I'm on it, sir.
I don't think so, Guru.
I don't think so.
I'm losing faith in you.
Shit!
Bagheera!
This Bagheera mask costs
a hundred rupees, sir.
Please buy one, sir.
-Hey! Who's that Bagheera?!
-How many do you want sir?
-Sir!
-Bagheera it seems!
-Sir, please let him go.
-Sir, I will give it to you for free.
-Bagheera it seems!
-Sir…
Let him go.
Sir, please let him go.
People are watching you.
-Just go!
-Leave.
-No, sir, this is on 19th September--
-Wait. These are the events.
-Yes.
-Check all the footage.
And their…
Freeze. Freeze!
Yeah, there! There! There!
Zoom in to that poster.
Stop!
Guys, can you see something here?
-What is it, sir?
-Just look at the posture.
Look at how he's holding the gun.
He's not a normal person at all.
He must be
a trained professional assassin.
Trained professional meaning?
Trained in the army,
black cat commandos,
navy seals, or even the special training
in the police department.
And he--
-Narayan.
-Sir.
You please leave.
I will let you know if there's any work.
Yes, sir.
-Where is the file?
-It's on your table, sir.
We're going in the wrong direction.
We're investigating
the criminals killed by Bagheera.
We should be asking questions
to the people who got justice instead.
I'm sure we'll get something there.
Open all the files on those dead criminals
and the complaints registered
against them by their victims.
Open them fast! Central, north,
east, everything, get on the job!
Hey!
Get lost!
Sir…
MANGALURU SOUTH SUB DIVISION PS
Sir, these are the complaints, sir.
How many are there in here?
Overall fourteen complaints, sir.
There are six complaints
in the Central station.
There are four in the North.
And two each in the East and the West.
There are no complaints against them
at all in the South.
Boss, please forgive me.
There's no mistake of mine.
I'm unable to make out who he is.
Please don't kill me. Please, Boss.
Boss!
Get up.
I won't kill you.
You are a good worker.
Until I find someone
who can surpass you at work,
you're safe.
I will handle Bagheera.
The five thousand people consignment
should reach Sri Lanka immediately.
You handle that.
Get in touch
with all our dealers in India.
Okay, Boss.
Thanks, Boss.
By the way,
why did Bagheera spare you anyway?
He should've killed you first.
I went underground
the day we got attacked.
I switched off my phone and laid low.
Oh, that's how.
Turn on your phone.
Boss?
Turn on the phone.
Yogi's phone has turned on, sir.
Sir, his location.
Bagheera!
You look great!
The spirit of death radiates your face.
Do you think you're some kind of hero?
You're a villain.
I'm the hero here.
The day villains start
to see themselves as heroes,
heroes will also become
as ruthless as the villains.
By the way,
why are you getting in my way?
I'm providing eyes to the blind
and kidneys to those in need.
I'm saving four lives by taking one.
Do you think you're God,
taking one life to save another?
That's right!
I take a life to save another,
I must be God!
Cling to your delusion of godhood
until the day dawns
when you must confront your maker.
So, you want to kill me too?
Do you think you came here by yourself?
No.
I made you come here.
Your situation is like a fool
who followed a trail of smoke,
only to be caught in the fire.
You'll burn to death!
I'm the fire engine!
I don't care how big the flames get,
I will douse them all.
Your death stands before you!
Don't you feel fear?
I am not even afraid
of my own reflection in the mirror,
so why the heck should I fear you?
Boss, they'll finish him off anyway.
Our dealers are waiting.
Let's go, Boss.
What will this do?
If this goes from five to ten,
nobody will be able to touch you.
If this goes from fifteen to twenty,
you'll become invincible.
But, if it goes from
twenty-five to thirty,
it might get fatal for you.
Boss, what is the emergency?
You have summoned
all the dealers in India.
I don't care what you guys do.
You guys have only three days.
All the consignments must be delivered.
Boss, in just three days?
How is that possible?
Boss?
Did they manage to kill him?
No, Boss.
He killed them all!
I'm faced with a worthy foe
for the first time!
Hey.
You follow up with these guys.
I'll take care of him.
That's why I warned you.
Life with me isn't worth it.
Today, I've arrived with an injury.
Someday, my corpse will arrive.
What joy will you find in marrying me?
I can live happily with a man
who values a good home.
I could be even happier
as a widow to a man
who sees the nation as his home.
Look me in the eye
Let time stand still
I can't go on without you
A glimpse of you gives me a thrill
Sweet torture I can't bear
Just kiss me, don't say a thing!
My heart is gone, it's with you
Please give it back, I'm missing you
Things you'd never do
Do them for me, I'm begging you
Look me in the eye
Let time stand still
I can't go on without you
I long for you, my dear
The warmth of your breath, so near
Your kiss is a rush
Exciting and unique
My fingers reach, so light and slow
Waiting for your consent to let it flow
It's a mystery, so enchanting!
Say yes to this sweet partnership
And wrap me in your warm grip
All I need is your comforting embrace
It's not the fear of
what might happen to me.
I'm afraid something might
happen to you because of me.
I lived as your wife for a day.
That's enough.
Let anything come my way.
Look me in the eye
Let time stand still
I can't go on without you
Sir.
I need a comprehensive approach.
-Sir, you have to look at this.
-What's this?
This is South Station's FIR copy.
-So what?
-Narayan took this complaint copy.
Bagheera killed all the accused
on the same night.
But this FIR copy
isn't available in the system.
What? Wait a minute.
What are you saying?
Oh, my God.
Check for similar FIR copies.
Yes, sir.
-Get every one of them. Fast.
-Sure, sir.
Did you see the seven seas
Come together?
How did you come?
-Did you get the complaint copies?
-Yes, sir.
They've gone to get it.
They'll be here shortly.
"Seven!" It's a good song, right?
Super, sir!
Seven seas…
Which film's song is this?
I don't know, sir.
Seven seas seem like canals to me…
-Find out about this.
-Okay, sir.
I crossed them
And came over, you devil!
A demon called Lankini
Is guarding the doorway to Lanka
Did you get it?
Sir, I don't know
which film this song is from.
-I asked about the complaint copies.
-They're here, sir.
Sir.
We got a total of five complaint copies.
First complaint… Ravi and gang
for murder and extortion.
Killed by Bagheera on the same night, sir.
Second copy… Ex-minister's son
acid attack case.
Killed by Bagheera on the same night, sir.
Next copy… Minor girl raped by
Hari and gang, sir.
-And--
-And killed by Bagheera on the same night.
I need a naive constable
from that station.
-Sir, Govinda. South Station constable.
-Sir.
Come in. Take a seat.
It's okay, sir.
-I want some details from you.
-Okay, sir.
Start it.
He is infamous worldwide
for his corruption. Next one.
How is he?
Sir, what do you mean?
Is he very strict, accepts bribes,
or works efficiently? Give me details.
Sir, the thing is…
If you answer me properly,
you'll be promoted.
Otherwise, you'll be fired.
Sir, he is not bothered by anything.
He's happy with what he gets.
Next.
How's Narayan?
He takes great care of everyone.
He doesn't spend a single penny.
Sorry, sir.
What about him?
Dead end.
Go. I'll ask you to
come back when needed.
Okay, sir.
Sir… promotion?
Assume my position after I retire.
Get going.
-Vedanth is the batch topper.
-Oh.
Gold medalist.
How can officers
like these become corrupt?
Sir, he wasn't like this earlier.
What do you mean?
Sir.
He was very strict
when he joined the force.
He didn't accept a single penny in bribes.
No criminal activities were going on.
He cleaned up half the city.
Why did he change?
The Commissioner berated him.
He changed.
For such a simple reason?
A girl committed suicide
in front of the station.
The…
Yes, sir. The rape case.
He didn't meddle in other's activities.
He just focused on his work.
-He didn't interfere in other's work.
-Wait a minute.
Didn't Bagheera kill
all the rapists that day?
Yes, sir.
-You can leave.
-Sir.
-Chethan.
-I want the complete footage of Vedanth.
-Okay, sir.
-Track all his movements.
-Yes, sir.
-Especially the training videos.
I want to see Bagheera's CCTV footage
on this monitor.
Okay, sir.
-Freeze it right there.
-Yes, sir.
Good. Now come to the CCTV monitor.
Yeah. Zoom in. Stop.
-Match both of them.
-Yes, sir.
-Match them.
-Okay, sir.
Hold it right there. Get the
face shot of both of them.
That's it. Take this mask
and place it there.
Okay, sir.
-Just switch.
-Sir.
-Hold it right there.
Verify if they both match.
Yes, sir.
Yes!
My God.
Boss.
We found Bagheera.
Sir, Yogi's phone
has been traced to a port.
-Yes, Sneha.
-Vedanth aka Bagheera!
You toyed with us.
Now, I'll play a game with you.
The problem is…
you'll lose no matter what.
I know where you're headed.
If you don't go there,
fifty people will die.
If you don't come here,
your girl will die.
Decide where you want to go.
People who obstruct me,
people who confront me,
have died miserably.
It's time you knew about it.
Check if he's here.
He won't come.
Won't he come to save you?
He would've come if he were Vedanth.
But he's Bagheera.
He protects them.
Uncle, we're drowning.
-Come and save us.
-Uncle.
We're drowning.
Help us.
-Save us.
-Please, help.
-Grab my hand.
-Uncle!
Uncle, please save us.
Unfortunately, you're dying
for such a guy.
I'm not scared of dying.
But I'm disappointed to be dying
without witnessing him kill you.
Wow, my Rani of Jhansi!
-Please save us.
-Uncle!
Please save us.
Help.
Save us.
We're drowning.
Help us.
Lock it now! Here.
Save us.
We're drowning.
-Save us.
-Uncle…
Help!
Please save us.
Help us.
Look me in the eye
Let time stand still
I can't go on without you
Bagheera.
You played a nice game.
For the first time in my life,
I feared I was losing.
Hey!
We shouldn't know
the face behind that mask.
Mom, will they kill him for saving us?
Sir.
-Move!
-Hurry up, move.
All the consignments have been loaded.
Until the train reaches Rameswaram port,
you should ensure no one stops the train.
Such a scoundrel you are!
You destroyed my household!
You never said anything
despite knowing everything!
Sir, don't do this.
-This is wrong.
-What?!
What are you even talking about?!
We are going to kill Bagheera.
This is wrong.
How is it wrong?
Hasn't he killed a lot of people himself?
Isn't that wrong?
Sir, he has accomplished things
we could never achieve.
Sir, please think about it.
Stop bugging me with your nonsense!
You people got my son killed
for your own selfish reasons!
Sir, it doesn't matter if you scold me
or even lay hands on me,
but please don't do
what you are about to do.
Will you just shut up?
Sir, please!
Stop! Stop the vehicle!
-Sir?
-Stop the vehicle now!
If you had told me that
Bagheera was my own son,
I would have talked sense into him.
Speak up! Why are you silent?
Sir, please! Don't do this!
Please listen to me!
Sir, please listen to me.
Sir, this is wrong! Please don't do this!
I can't believe this!
What are you even saying?!
Yes, sir, that is the truth.
Would you have thrown him under the bus
like this if he were your son as well?
Speak up!
Speak up, damn it!
Sir, please don't do this!
How can this be possible?!
This concerns the honor
of our department.
That is correct, sir,
but we must call a spade a spade.
but we must call a spade "a spade".
I don't have a son like yours,
I am not that fortunate.
What do you mean by saying
you're unable to apprehend
the culprit who killed my son?
No matter how much you scold me,
I won't get angry with you or feel upset.
I tried, sir. But I failed.
Then why have you come here?
Sir, please give me another chance,
I will definitely nab him.
Get lost!
-Sir?
-Get out!
Out!
Sir, why did you admit defeat
in order to save him?
Everyone remembers
Bhagat Singh, Subhash Chandra Bose,
and the father of our nation,
Mahatma Gandhi.
This defeat brings me more happiness
than all the times I have won in life.
But no one remembers their parents.
Sir, you had said that even
if a god-like person goes to the temple
he won't be allowed to perform
the rituals, only a priest has to do it.
Isn't that the truth?
A god-like man
won't be able to do anything,
but a god can do everything.
You have given birth
to such an exceptional person!
You are really great!
You're great!
He's not just a god-like person,
he's a god himself.
Let him do whatever he wants.
Who are we to ask?
In my eyes, you have become
the father of the nation.
Sir, I have done as you ordered.
Boss, we found Bagheera!
Sorry, Vedanth,
you had to go through all this.
I need another favor from you.
Rana is taking two thousand people
in a freight train
to the Rameswaram fishing harbor.
The moment he reaches the harbor,
he will become unstoppable.
Only you can stop him.
I can't do anything else
other than give this information to you.
I hope to hear the good news.
To the Lord who is the savior
Of all worlds
To the mighty Virabhadra
The bearer of the weapon
To the one who dances the tandava
To destroy arrogance and vain gatherings
To Neelakanta
The fierce Rudra who protects all
To the merciful yet stern one
The destroyer of Krishna's actions
To the one who shatters
The intoxicated ego
To the nurturer of the devotees
Lord Shiva!
Who are you praying
to my child?
Which god will come
to save us from here?
Don't say that.
My mom always tells me
that if I recite these verses,
God will rescue us
no matter what dire situation we are in.
Bagheera.
Come on!
Look me in the eye
Let time stand still
I can't go on without you
What's the breaking news
for which we traveled this far?
There's no one here.
What breaking news
can we expect to receive at this place?
Sure, sir. Okay.
What is this?!
Who are these people?
Who are you people?
Where are you coming from?
We were all kidnapped, sir.
What? Who kidnapped you?
We don't know.
Who rescued you?
God.
-God?
-Yes, sir.
The child is telling the truth.
The one who saved us
was none other than God.
Sir, this kidnapping racket,
human trafficking,
and illegal transport
are all happening through goods trains.
Many people from the railway department
are involved in this.
This should be stopped.
I will give you full authority.
Go and conduct an inquiry.
Bring an end to all of them.
You should be the one to end this.
What?!
What do you mean?
We both know that
you are the one who's behind all of this.
If you accept this, resign, and surrender,
you will be treated like a VIP in jail,
and you will be safe there.
Think about it.
If I refuse?
What can I do?
You have tied my hands in the name
of rules, regulations, and transfers.
But he is not bound by any rules.
Think about it.
Hey!
Do you know who I am?
I am the Central Minister.
I have seen a lot of people,
I have thrashed a lot of people.
Do you have any idea how many people
I had to eliminate to reach this position?
No one can touch me.
Who is he?
Bagheera.
I will become a superhero, Mom.